[Music]
now Joseph had been taken down to Egypt
and Potiphar an officer of Pharaoh
captain of the guard
an Egyptian bought him from the
Ishmaelites who had taken him down there
the Lord was with Joseph and he was a
successful man and he was in the house
of his master the Egyptian and his
master saw that the Lord was with him
and that the Lord made all he did to
prosper in his hand so Joseph found
favor in his sight and served him then
he made him overseer of his house and
all that he had he put under his
authority so it was from the time that
he made him an overseer of his house and
all that he had but the Lord blessed the
Egyptians house for Joseph's sake and
the blessing of the Lord was on all that
he had in the house and in the field
thus he left all that he had in Joseph's
hand and he did not know what he had
except for the bread which he ate now
Joseph was handsome in form and
appearance and it came to pass after
these things that his master's wife cast
longing eyes on Joseph's lie with me but
he refused
look my master does not know what is
with me in the house and he has
committed all that he has to my hand
there is no one greater in this house
than I nor has he kept back anything
from me but you because you are his wife
how then can I do this great wickedness
and sin against God so it was as she
spoke to Joseph day by day that he did
not heed her to lie with her or to be
with her but it happened about this time
when Joseph went into the house to do
his work and none of the men of the
house was inside that she caught him by
his garment lie with me but he left his
garment in her
and fled and ran outside and so it was
when she saw that he had left his
garment in her hand and fled outside
that she called to the men of her house
and spoke to them see he has brought
into us a Hebrew to mock us he came in
to me to lie with me and I cried out
with a loud voice and it happened when
he heard that I lifted my voice and
cried out that he left his garment with
me and fled and went outside sir she
kept his garment with her until his
master came home then she spoke to him
with words like these the Hebrew servant
whom you brought to us came in to me to
mock me so what happened as I lifted my
voice and cried out that he left his
garment with me and fled outside so it
was when his master heard the words
which his wife spoke to him your servant
did to me after this manner that his
anger was aroused then joseph's master
took him and put him into the prison a
place where the Kings prisoners were
confined
and he was there in the prison but the
Lord was with Joseph and showed him
mercy and he gave him favor in the sight
of the keeper of the prison and the
keeper of the prison committed to
Joseph's hand all the prisoners who were
in the prison whatever they did there it
was his doing the keeper of the prison
did not look into anything that was
under Joseph's Authority because the
Lord was with him and whatever he did
the Lord made it prosper
you